pkgs/README.md: add notice for authors packaging their own projects (#418943)
NixOS/nixpkgs: pkgs/README.md

* Is the package ready for general use? We don't want to include projects that are too immature or are going to be abandoned immediately. In case of doubt, check with upstream.
* Does the project have a clear license statement? Remember that software is unfree by default (all rights reserved), and merely providing access to the source code does not imply its redistribution. In case of doubt, ask upstream.
* How realistic is it that it will be used by other people? It's good that nixpkgs caters to various niches, but if it's a niche of 5 people it's probably too small. A good estimate is checking upstream issues and pull requests, or other software repositories. Library packages should have at least one dependent.

>   * We warmly welcome upstream authors to package and maintain their own projects. However, please note that submitted projects should still have a noticeable number of users. Submitting newly created projects right after they are written is also generally discouraged. Nixpkgs is not an advertising platform for newly launched projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * We warmly welcome upstream authors to package and maintain their own projects.
    However, please note that submitted projects should still have a noticeable number of users.
    Submitting newly created projects right after they are written is also generally discouraged.
    Nixpkgs is not an advertising platform for newly launched projects.
```

>   * We warmly welcome upstream authors to package and maintain their own projects. However, please note that submitted projects should still have a noticeable number of users. Submitting newly created projects right after they are written is also generally discouraged. Nixpkgs is not an advertising platform for newly launched projects.

Author: > In the interest of brevity (we have a loot of things to read through), I think we can easily skip the last part here. The point has been made before :)

This is to resolve https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/pull/418943#discussion_r2160351929

>   * We warmly welcome upstream authors to package and maintain their own projects. However, please note that submitted projects should still have a noticeable number of users. Submitting newly created projects right after they are written is also generally discouraged. Nixpkgs is not an advertising platform for newly launched projects.

Reviewer 2: :+1:

This section describes a general framework of understanding and exceptions might apply.

> If the package you'd like to submit doesn't meet the criteria above, you can still maintain and distribute it to Nix users in other ways, such as by including a `flake.nix` (or `default.nix` if you prefer not to use flakes) in the project's repository, or by submitting your package to the [Nix User Repository](https://github.com/nix-community/nur).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the package you'd like to submit doesn't meet the criteria above, you can still maintain and distribute it to Nix users in other ways, such as by including a Nix expression in the project's repository, or by submitting your package to the [Nix User Repository](https://github.com/nix-community/nur).
```

Let's not make it more complicated than necessary

Reviewer 3: I feel like `flake.nix` and `default.nix` are more google-able terms than "Nix expression". Interested parties will have an easier time figuring out what those files actually are.

> If the package you'd like to submit doesn't meet the criteria above, you can still maintain and distribute it to Nix users in other ways, such as by including a `flake.nix` (or `default.nix` if you prefer not to use flakes) in the project's repository, or by submitting your package to the [Nix User Repository](https://github.com/nix-community/nur).

Reviewer 2: What do you think of https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/pull/418943#discussion_r2160799939?

> If the package you'd like to submit doesn't meet the criteria above, you can still maintain and distribute it to Nix users in other ways, such as by including a `flake.nix` (or `default.nix` if you prefer not to use flakes) in the project's repository, or by submitting your package to the [Nix User Repository](https://github.com/nix-community/nur).

Reviewer 2: Then i prefer https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/pull/418943#discussion_r2160810353 as-is since it is more directly actionable for those less familiar with nix.

> If the package you'd like to submit doesn't meet the criteria mentioned above, you can still maintain and distribute it to Nix users in other ways, such as including `flake.nix` (or `default.nix` if you prefer not to use flakes) in the project's repository, or submitting your package to the [Nix User Repository](https://github.com/nix-community/nur).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the package you'd like to submit doesn't meet the criteria above, you can still maintain and distribute it to Nix users in other ways, such as including a `flake.nix` (or `default.nix` if you prefer not to use flakes) in the project's repository, or by submitting your package to the [Nix User Repository](https://github.com/nix-community/nur).
```
